so all good things must come to an end
and this is the 1985 molds Mobil Delta
88 horrible condition the great time at
Days farm great motor great tranny front
Springs are broke
lots of stuff wrong with it alternators
bad starter motor barely cranks but if
she's cold she'll usually fire up hasn't
been running for six weeks since we
raced her so this guy is here to give
you the maximum pumping to see what's
going to happen all right hop in
let's see some foot action you don't
have big boobs like Rebecca but you'll
have to do yeah I guess whatever turns
those guys on okay sump pump 채j-- now
Mart pump pitch yeah we don't care it's
its last days or minutes or hours with
no rev limiter who knows what's going to
happen okay hold her all the way down
and see if she'll start fire I don't
know why but some fire shout out cool
fire is good for ratings oh yeah some
smoke each - okay let me give it another
little shot hang on
real good okay get in there and add it
grab the snot out of it
still a little cold maybe it is like
almost October okay let me prime it
again yeah okay more crank 채j--
we may have to warm it up first
yeah all right take three cold-blooded
pig on five-year-old gas
slowly
well she locked give her a crank she
sees Dre drop and she had oil and
coolant in her so awful tired the way
Jay Jay pushed this thing in the mud you
know just kept the redlined
yeah well she didn't blows he seized up
good enough for me
the blow-by started getting really bad
at that too before she locked a smoker
yeah old smokey oh well off to the
scrapyard this thing ought to get almost
200 bucks that'll help paper all the
other things I've been doing out here to
clean up the place sweet